Add vector index procedures (#970) (#982)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/procedures.adoc

// m|reader, editor, publisher, architect, admin
|===

[[procedure_db_index_vector_createNodeIndex]]
.db.index.vector.createNodeIndex()  label:new[Introduced in 5.11] label:beta[]
[cols="<15s,<85"]
|===
| Description
a|
Create a named vector index for the given label, and property with given vector dimensionality, using the given similarity function.

Valid case-insensitive values for the `vectorSimilarityFunction` are:

* `"euclidean"` -- Euclidean similarity, where:
+
image::euclidean_similarity_equation.svg["The Euclidean of vector v and vector u is defined as 1 over the quantity 1 plus the square of the l2-norm of vector v subtract vector u, which exists in the bounded set of real numbers between 0 exclusive and 1 inclusive."]
+

* `"cosine"` -- Cosine similarity, where:
+
image::cosine_similarity_equation.svg["The cosine of vector v and vector u is defined as half of the quanity 1 plus the scalar product of v hat u hat, which equals half of the quantity 1 plus the scalar product of vector v vector u over the product of the l2-norm of vector v and the l2 norm ov vector u, which exists in the bounded set of real numbers between 0 inclusive and 1 inclusive."]

> Where the trigonometric cosine is given by the scalar product of two unit vectors.

Reviewer: For consistency with cypher manual, this should be the same:
```suggestion
In the above equation the trigonometric cosine is given by the scalar product of the two unit vectors.
```
